README.md, before:

# CURRENCY CONVERTER WEB APPLICATION

## Goals 
- Create a `mini` currency conversion calculator using real-time data<br>
- Assess learnt programming skills so far (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript)<br>
- Identify my Strong and Weak areas within the coding context<br>
- Comply with the Moringa School's academic requirements 

## Project Description 
For this project, I am developing a currency-converter app with Kenyan currency as the base denomination. I will be using the inbuilt fetch function to source data from a `public` API server. This is a single-page project and it is a requirement to integrate at least three event listeners. In my case, I will include the `click`, `input`, and `submit` event listeners. 
## Project Set-Up
### Prerequisites
* node v14.17.4 and above, HTML, CSS, JavaScript 
### Deliverables 
There are `three` key deliverables namely MVPs, API Server, and User Features as described below: 
#### MVP (Most Viable Product)
The app includes an input field from which a user can select/input amount in Kenyan Shillings. There is also an input field where users can select their desired currency of conversion. Another input field is the user authentication that requires a `username` and `password` for service access. I have included a `calculate` function within the `.js` file to execute computations in the background and display converted figures as expected. Input is only in `numbers` as opposed to `string`. There is also a `dummy` user authentication login form. 

#### API Server 
Public API url is retrieved from the `Rapidapi` website: `https://exchangerate-api.p.rapidapi.com/rapid/latest/KES`

#### User Features
For this web app, users should be able to:<br>
Input, either in float or integer values, amount within the first field in Kenyan shillings<br>
Automatically compute different amounts of kenyan currency relative to other `160` denominations<br>
Check real-time currency conversion rates from any currency of interest within the above mentioned 160 denominations<br>


```

Meta
----
Author:
   * **David Mwai** - *Initial work* - [https://github.com/DKarimi90/Currency-Converter-App)


Status:
    maintained, and is currently in development

Version:
    v0.1.0 

Node Version:
    14.17.4 and above


Usage
-----


## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License

Documentation
-------------
You can see the documentation over at **Read the Docs**

Resources
-------------

Commit message:

Added 'Running the program' section

README.md, after:

# CURRENCY CONVERTER WEB APPLICATION

## Goals 
- Create a `mini` currency conversion calculator using real-time data<br>
- Assess learnt programming skills so far (HTML, CSS, and JavaScript)<br>
- Identify my Strong and Weak areas within the coding context<br>
- Comply with the Moringa School's academic requirements 

## Project Description 
For this project, I am developing a currency-converter app with Kenyan currency as the base denomination. I will be using the inbuilt fetch function to source data from a `public` API server. This is a single-page project and it is a requirement to integrate at least three event listeners. In my case, I will include the `click`, `input`, and `submit` event listeners. 
## Project Set-Up
### Prerequisites
* node v14.17.4 and above, HTML, CSS, JavaScript 
### Deliverables 
There are `three` key deliverables namely MVPs, API Server, and User Features as described below: 
#### MVP (Most Viable Product)
The app includes an input field from which a user can select/input amount in Kenyan Shillings. There is also an input field where users can select their desired currency of conversion. Another input field is the user authentication that requires a `username` and `password` for service access. I have included a `calculate` function within the `.js` file to execute computations in the background and display converted figures as expected. Input is only in `numbers` as opposed to `string`. There is also a `dummy` user authentication login form. 

#### API Server 
Public API url is retrieved from the `Rapidapi` website: `https://exchangerate-api.p.rapidapi.com/rapid/latest/KES`

#### User Features
For this web app, users should be able to:<br>
Input, either in float or integer values, amount within the first field in Kenyan shillings<br>
Automatically compute different amounts of kenyan currency relative to other `160` denominations<br>
Check real-time currency conversion rates from any currency of interest within the above mentioned 160 denominations<br>
## Running the Program 
Fork and Clone the repo to your computer/laptop. Open the terminal (ctrl + alt + T) for Ubuntu OS. Navigate to the cloned repo and using Visual Studio (VS) code open the project using the command "code ." Then use live server to launch the app on the World Wide Web. The command line may be different for alternative Operating Systems (OS) and Integrated Development Environments (IDEs). It is advisable you use either Chrome or Mozilla firefox.  


```

Meta
----
Author:
   * **David Mwai** - *Initial work* - [https://github.com/DKarimi90/Currency-Converter-App)


Status:
    maintained, and is currently in development

Version:
    v0.1.0 

Node Version:
    14.17.4 and above


Usage
-----


## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License

Documentation
-------------
You can see the documentation over at **Read the Docs**

Resources
-------------
